---
title: 'Lebnb'
slug: lebnb
categories: Websites, Springboot ,Angular
image: /images/portfolio/lebnb.png
orderDate: 08-11-2023
finishedOn: 1-12-2023
status: Completed
WebsiteLink: None
location: beirut ,lebanon
techStack: Springboot, Java ,Angular ,TypeScript
---
<p><i>Lebnb is a platform that connects travelers with homeowners in Lebanon, allowing them to book unique and affordable accommodations. We believe that everyone should have the opportunity to experience the beauty of Lebanon, and we are committed to making travel more accessible and affordable for all.

Lebnb offers a wide variety of accommodations, from budget-friendly hostels to luxury villas. With Lebnb, you can stay in a traditional Lebanese home, a modern apartment, or even a glamping tent in the mountains. No matter what your budget or travel style is, Lebnb has the perfect accommodation for you. </p>

<p><i>In addition to offering a wide range of accommodations, Lebnb also offers a variety of features and services to make your trip to Lebanon as smooth and enjoyable as possible.</i>  </p>



<p><i>Front-end app:</i>  </p>
<ul>
	<li>The front-end app is responsible for displaying the user interface and handling user interactions. It uses Spring Boot to provide server-side rendering and static site generation, Angular to create the user interface, and Tailwind CSS to style the user interface.</li>
<li>
The front-end app communicates with the back-end app through a REST API. The front-end app uses the REST API to fetch and submit data, such as accommodation Stays, bookings, and user information.</li>

	
</ul>




<p><i>Back-end app:</i>  </p>
<ul>
	<li>The back-end app is responsible for storing and managing data, and processing business logic. It uses Java Spring Boot to provide a lightweight and efficient web framework, and POSTGRESS to store data in a relational database.</li>
<li>
The back-end app exposes a REST API that the front-end app uses to fetch and submit data. The back-end app also handles tasks such as authentication, authorization, and CRUD Operations</li>

	
</ul>




<p><i>Technologies used:</i>  </p>
<ul>
	<li>SpringBoot</li>
	<li>Java</li>
    <li>Angular</li>
    <li>TypeScript</li>
    <li>Postgress</li>

	
</ul>